- I've found that not only
giving a bunch of context
at the beginning is really helpful,
but I always like to add, at the end,
"Please ask me any follow-up
or clarifying questions
before you continue doing work."
And that has been really helpful,
because when it's coming
up with an end-to-end plan
for whatever task I've given it,
if it pauses and says,
"Okay, well, actually what
about this task do I not know
and I need to ask me, the user?"
I can then answer those proactively
and make sure the output is
something that I'm happy with,
rather than, you know,
Gemini does a bunch of work,
and then I review it, and then
I'm not super happy with it,
and we have keep iterating.